There are nazi facilities in hell.
Hell actively wants to spit him out. The hellish timer is actively trying to kick the Unseen back into life because he's not qualified for hell. Nazis, even alive nazis, are perfectly blanding in with Hell fauna. They're basically locals. Unseen is rejected by hell for not being evil enough.

the shield is not actually a real-time mechanic, it's a bar you can't see(but the colorcorrection gets more colors the more you charged your shield), and you only finish the level if it's filled out. Otherwise the divine wrath kills you and you start the level again. Oh and, divine wrath actually destroys all color you brought back because the Unseen actually loves the land, the buildings, the animals, the plants, everything. God kills it all in the area. Divine wrath will come anyway when the timer comes, the question is - did you kill enough nazis up to the moment? 
Basically there are 2 things:
God's timer, and Shield-o-meter.
You need to fill the 2nd before the 1st runs out.

You'll be finding weapons, but you can only take 3 with you to the next level, and you need to choose them before the timer is over, too, or it will be the first 3 you picked up. The rest are being unmade. You can do it on every level.


I think the divine wrath is always an unsaturated silent nuke, maybe made of darkness. It's just a level-ending mechanic. If it was different, it would be to break the expectations for a bossfight with god himself, and im not planning that, because the idea is that you need to destroy their portals while in hell, and Unseen thinks he'll stay in hell because he's a murderer and he probably wasn't the best person before the ww2 either. But,  against his judgements, he gets spit out of hell somewhere in Berlin, while in the sky, the god's eyes move from the east to be right above the city. Now he's in the heartland of the nazi empire. Also, lorewise before this moment he never was spit out of hell before, because that would mean you're in open field with no nazis and therefore no grace shield against next wrath wave, so you die, which is a noncanon failure state