CONSTITUTION OF THE SECHIAN FEDERATION
PREAMBLE

We, the State of the Sechian Federation,
united by common faith and loyalty to Gods, Blood, and Soil,
revering the memory of ancestors who bestowed upon us love for the Motherland
and belief in Order and Justice,
and affirming our unyielding will to revive the eternal sovereign statehood of Sechia,
hereby, in our collective and divine purpose, adopt and proclaim this CONSTITUTION OF THE SECHIAN FEDERATION.



Article 1.

The Sechian Federation - Sechia is a sovereign Hexarchic state, an indivisible union of the divine and the temporal.

All authority emanates from the Sixfold Divinity and is exercised in accordance with this Constitution and the sacred principles of the Sixthdom.

The names "Sechian Federation" and "Sechia" are equal in their legal meaning and dignity.



Article 2. 

...



Article 3. On the Conduct of the All-Encompassing Divine Election

The All-Encompassing Divine Election is the highest act of national service, whereby the citizens of the Sechian State, having reached the Age of Piety, participate in the summoning of a Divine Essence to provide stewardship for the people.

This act consists of a secret ballot, so that each citizen may, in the solitude of their heart, designate one of the Six Gods, that He might descend and take residence within the Vessel prepared for Him.

The Vessel is summoned from the sacred Vessel Dynasty, which is one and indivisible in its service. The Gods, in Their infinite wisdom, descend only into this lineage, so that governance may be both pleasing to the Gods and continuous.

The result of the voting, being an act of Divine Will, is not subject to the announcement or judgment of mortals. The truth of the Election is revealed to the people through the fact of the descent of the Divine Essence into the Vessel.

Any contradiction, public doubt, or distortion of the sacred rite of the Divine Election, as well as any challenge to the unity and divine-selection of the Vessel Dynasty, constitutes the gravest crime against the Gods and the State.

